I'll tell you guys maybe a funny story about Neil and I, when I was in tech stars.
So I don't know if you guys have this rule where you have to get a t-shirt.
To make a teacher for your company during tech stars for the 1st couple of weeks.
We don't have that rule anymore, but yes, we had that.
Oh really? So we had this we had this rule where Everyone had to have a t-shirt.
Like the 1st couple of weeks, David, that was like a requirement to start. We finished tech stars.
And we still didn't get a t-shirt for 3 years like it took us I think it was Lou 3 years later.
We're like a hundred 20 people at that point. We probably get some t-shirts with logos on it.
Cause we had no swag period 1st 3 years and then Neil was always asking, where's your t-shirt?
Because every company would have teachers know in person at that point. They were coming their t-shirts, which didn't have anything.
Because we didn't think it was critical that point in time. Sorry, Neil. I can get you one if you want.
Maybe Chloe if you don't mind just pinging Diane she'll send a I'm probably gonna forget.
But yeah, 3 years later we got finally got t-shirt and swipe because it turns out, having swag does not sell.
To people and your customers don't care if you have swag or not. And I think it's important to remember things that matter to customers and your business.
It's nice to have. I think so I guess call. And now we have really nice wide we pay like.
$100 for t-shirts sometimes but at that point in time that wasn't that critical for design swag.
And so I think really it's important to remember. What is truly critical of what is not critical?
There's a lot of things are nice to have. But you get a lot of advice from a lot of people that it doesn't matter.
And so I think the 1st I'll tell you before we get started is. The most difficult part for you guys as founders is this.
Who do you listen to and certain devices for certain advice and when? So a lot of people, a lot of investors, other founders.
The reason they've gotten this far lives are very confident. They speak very confidently. But a lot of times they don't know what they're talking about, but they the sphere calls in different directions.
So for example, If you have a question about marketing to me, I'll probably pretty good at that.
Feel a question about engineering. I don't know anything about engineering, very little. I'm still probably gonna answer just cause I got like entering questions.
And you might misunderstand it. And so you should always say like who's the person you go for what topic?
Because many many people will give you answers for topics they have no idea about and they make driving on directions.
So always ask like Is this the right person for this topic or not? That is biggest, one of the biggest lessons I've had from his career is that I've taken advice from topics that from people that didn't really know that topic that well.
But they spoke very confidently and they might have been a billionaire or 100 millionaire and they're all And I did that and didn't work in them.
They're like, oh, I'm never actually done that. I had a team people doing that.
And so be careful that. The second part, a question for you. Were you in system?
Dan, sorry, I wanted to ask you something about that. When did you realize that that was happening?
Because I feel the exact same way and people get pissed off because I tell them how much I don't know.
But like when did you actually learn that lesson maybe in a way that like stuck with you?
When I have hired basically like I would give these advisor mentors and they were like world experts in something and I would hire them paying a lot of money and it's $100,000 and they brought no value.
Yep.
Right? And you're like, how do you person who's literally a world expert? Like, literally, celebrity status and product design, product engineering, whatever the topic is.
And after them, you paying a half 1 million dollars, you get nothing. And you're like, what was that?
And we're actually one of the ones that didn't spend that much compared to other people.
So. That was a really home heading device. And then the second part is also. As you get introduced to more and more smart people.
One of the things I really started doing is Trying to do 2 things. One is just look at their background really like a value at who they are more than anything else like what they've accomplished with they are looking at LinkedIn background.
It's not just like, oh, I sold it come for a hundred 1 billion like, what was your role in that company before you sold it?
If you're an investor, will you have an operator? And so That's number one.
Number 2 is also When you have a couple smart people, get in the room and ask a topic and have a debate.
And when you have those people debate with each other, you start seeing, wait, who actually makes more logical sense?
And actually helps you kind of get that's, oftentimes historically before when they have like 4 people to room, but I'll present, But they pick different things that I didn't understand.
But now instead I'd say, okay, here's a topic. Once you I'll go one at a time across the room and you guys will answer that question and I will then see the differences and then ask him where the differences are.
And watching them to be with each other and realizing the nuances. Makes you realize, wait, this person's incredible at.
Let's say fundraising. But only from venture capital. But this person, credible fundraising from private equity.
That's a very different new one actually. It sounds silly. There's this person, the, of, of fundraising from that from banks.
It sounds like a small thing, but we're losing fundraising. You're good about it, but those are different fundraising types, right?
And actually incredibly different skills. Even though it sounds like fundraising. It's a very broad term.
And you can do the same thing with every topic you can think about. And marketing, there's like 50 different things around marketing.
That they're different skill sets completely and there's different levels of sophistication. Does that help clarify?
I know this is way off topic. Girlfacking, but I want to make sure that you guys look at that and understand it because I will say some things and some things I'm Probably 10 out of 10, something, probably 6 out of 10.
But I'm speaking very confidently, cause I probably had too much coffee and I want to make sure that you guys don't.
Mess interpret and say like, is this topic I can trust in or not? Is this appable to me or not?
And as you speak to other. Founders, investors, presenters, always ask like. Is this the right topic or not?
And is the person I should trust in this topic?
So that's number one. Number 2, before you start, are you guys fundraising now or where are you guys on your journey?
Of textures.
Nice. Easy. Medium hard.
Demo days in 2 weeks. We advise most of them not to start their process until afterwards. Some of them are actively having conversation.
And I don't know if they're having a good, get a bad time if it's hard or not, but I'll let them say that maybe 2 day wants to say.
Oh no, I had a question about what Dan just said, about when, yeah, cause, like when to know if the person you're speaking to is giving good advice.
My experience, especially from textiles and the mentors, the mentors that we speak to, similar to what, Neil said is what, if they don't know something, they will like, you, I'm not an expert at this, but this is my 2 cents.
And so, the most people that we've spoken to are like that but there's some like you said done that kind of just like try and bullshit just because They can, they like to speak.
So what I'm trying to, what I think I pass from what you're saying is that's, the framework that you use is number one, check your background.
And number 2, if you can, have them debate each other. And I think from the perspective that we come a lot of us on this call, we might not be able to have that second option.
Where we have. 2 incredible people kind of debate each other to determine who is who knows what they're saying.
So are there other, kind of tips or tricks that you've used historically when you are at our stage that would help you pass out who, who knows what they're saying rather than someone that's just like talking out of their backside.
Yeah, I think. I wouldn't make the mentor meetings. As 0 advice from them and you learning about them.
So if you meet 20 mentors, I would say, okay, I'm gonna assume that 3 of those be super helpful and 17 are going to be neutral or negative.
Toward the value. So I'm going to spend time and understanding who they are. And so an example.
Someone said, okay, I peeled a company. I'm a founder of IPO company.
That's amazing What was your role there? Okay, I was a CTO. Okay, we're involved in fundraising.
They're against, of course. What did you do in fundraising? And you keep double clicking until you understand exactly what they did.
Right? Was it they're the ones that raised money or was it their maybe the CPO or the CEO or the CFO?
Who's the one to raise money? Cause in every company, the titles, the, don't actually matter.
Right. And so you don't actually don't know. So you have to find out like, were they around the person did the job or the ones that did it.
Because what happens there's this like selection bias of everyone that wins You assume they're geniuses.
A lot of people, honestly, we're just right place the right time. That happens a lot in life.
And so you ask in a question of like, Okay, what did you do? Oh, can you tell me how you started?
Can you tell me how you did it? And keep going deeper and deeper, deeper. And you'll quickly realize like were they just there or not.
And I think that really helps understand it. And if they were just there. You kinda put them aside and say, okay, great.
And if they were the ones that did it, then you dive into that topic. I will say that I think most of these people have incredible insight.
You just gotta figure out what topic. And name themselves probably don't have self-awareness to realize like I'm an incredible designer.
Maybe I'm not so good at marketing. But I like talk on marketing because it's cool.
And so you have to go deep in it, realize, meet marketing is not their skill set. But design is, and how do you then pivot to design and start double-click on that with them?
Thanks. It does. Yeah, thanks, Dan.
Do I help? Yep. Any other questions?
But I'll tell you guys this, I mean, I think the part that's incredibly important, and you guys go through fundraising tech stars and it's hard.
This stuff's hard, right? And what you guys are doing is incredibly rare. The part that you have prepared for is a lot of rejection.
And reduction hurts.
But the way I viewed it, and it's very true, and had more and more time as past more realized that.
You guys are actually the. The unique talent. Meaning like you guys are the limiting factor of limiting factor of innovation.
There is a lot of money people in the world. There's more money in the world to be given out.
But they don't have place to give out. So as you have 100, 50, 50 people tell you, no, no, no, and you think, oh, they went to Harvard.
And they, you know, they run a million, 1 billion dollar fund. Doesn't actually matter, right?
So these speak these people. But one is I'll always say, they've never operated a company, they're purely money people.
Already I would kind of not take that as seriously and I wouldn't be offended by their opinions, but the number 2, even if they have.
Again, they've now pivoted to a different world of investment. And like you guys are really the talent.
Like there's not a entrepreneurs in the world. For the amount of innovation needs to happen. And so, I mean, tech stars and other organs like.
Creating events value by making giving you that opportunity shine and I think that you have to remember that like you guys are literally the unique people not them.
And so don't let opinions, their opinions, you know, impact trail. The way view the world.
Alright, let's get started on. Girl hacking.
I'll share my screen again and then feel free to jump in. And then any point in time.
Ask questions. My slides are very basic. You guys probably know 99% of the stuff.
So really go, whole goal of this is just to get you guys to start thinking and asking questions.
So. You had this.
Can you see my screen?
Yep.
This
Hey!
I'm sorry.
So, who am I? Right. I graduate tech stars, 2020 20. This is the COVID year so we didn't have tech stars in person half online actually.
So that was interesting. Started this this company with 2 microphones. And prior to starting this, I had 0, literally 0 marketing experience.
I didn't know anything at all. And I grew a revenue to 2.1 million in 37 months.
2.7 million a month so not a year a month And. A 100 fiftyk of revenue with 0 marketing budget.
A month again, right? And so. What I'm trying to get you guys in the end marketing.
Is not brain surgery. It's not sunny rock since the space. It's a very solvable problem.
You need to figure out how to solve it. And if you guys are here, everyone, you guys can do it.
Any questions on the slide?
Sure.
Yes, I do. Hi, Dan. How did you, how did you do that? Organic growth with the 2 points that I mean the 150 monthly revenue with 0 marketing budget.
How do you do that?
Sure. I don't know who's speaking, but, That's fine.
Basically it was 3, 3 for me was 3 things. Take granted, this is 5 years ago.
So the way we start his company. Is my co-founder Alex. He was a CTO to different company before they sold.
And he told me, have this cool idea. To start a company in health care space. Do you know anything about?
Can you use, And I said, yeah, I know a lot. I know a lot about them because my sister's type one diabetic.
I've also worked on healthcare consulting. And so I told him, but I think it's a stupid idea.
Let's do a little Rocky Persis because a different idea have. And the HR space.
So we rock paper scissors. He won. So we decided to do his idea first.st Is not my idea.
This is his idea. And so you could said, cool. What's the next step? I said, I guess I'll cool my job.
So, my job. And. It hit me why I realized what are we doing now? And he said, well, do you want to build or sell?
And I asked him what build what, software. I do not know how to write software. I was a finance and finance got background.
So he said, you gotta sell. And still sell what? He's like a product. What's our product?
He's like, doesn't exist yet.
So, I don't know how to sell. I don't know what our product doesn't exist yet.
What am I doing? 1st I took a deep breath and walked around the street thinking why the fuck did I go my job?
Cause I got paid really well before this. And then I said, okay, let's go try this out.
And my 1st time is actually go to Google and say, how to market on the internet. And download a bunch of resources.
And a bunch of things and to start a compiling a big Excel file of all the waste to market internet, Google Ads, Facebook ads.
Instagram, YouTube, TikTok, Twitter. SEO sales. And I just put a list of all together.
And I probably had like 200 items of waste to market an internet. And I was overwhelmed. I had no idea how to do it.
So I went back to my co-founder said, okay, cool. I'm gonna start to learn how to market.
What's my budget? And the answer was 0. And the second moment of panic set in thinking like what the hell is this?
Doesn't make any sense. But in some ways that fear actually helped me because it helped me eliminate as 200 items to like 6 because almost all those channels required cash.
And only 6 required nothing. So now I only have 6 channels to play around with on my list. And that really helped me narrow in and focus because focus is really a theme of success a lot of times.
We get too broad and we get overwhelmed that we can't really get good if we're only for doing everything.
So I thought basically 6 channels. I started doing them and 3 out of 6 worked. And I'll tell you as those worked.
3, 6 worked and then. I scaled those. So 3 channels to work for me. There were Facebook groups.
They were being a guest. On podcasts. And number 3, it was working with that point, Instagram influencers.
Those were my 3 channels. That worked for me effectively.
Do you wanna do you want me to double click any of those?
Yes, please. By the way, I'm Antonio with I wear thanks for your feedback over email.
Last night. So, this, this is extremely helpful because we relate a lot to what you, what you're doing and it's, yeah, if you can double down on those, would be helpful.
Thank you.
Yeah, so I mentioned 3 channels, Facebook groups, guest that's podcast. And I also mentioned Instagram influencers.
So Facebook group. I basically wanted just jumped in like. 50 to 100 Facebook groups. And tried to understand what people are talking about in our space so our space was vegan diets, remember, nutrition apples.
So vegan diets, keto diets, carbicycling, weight loss, fab management, Peloton.
Fidbit or ring. And 1st I try to. Just message people, hey buy this sign up for this and people were just I guess kicked out of the group couple times then I got a little more elaborate and I created 8 user accounts.
An old white guy. A young Asian woman just. Different ethnic backgrounds, sexes, racist, paragraph, everything.
And then I started interacting myself. Meaning, hey, somebody you've heard this company called Me responding. That's super interesting.
No, what do they do? Another person? I actually did hear about him with podcasts. Oh, you know, someone else.
I listen to this podcast. We this person was to guest on. You check it out. And I miss all of a sudden it was interacting with myself.
And sooner or later, 2 people were like, this is interesting. Has anybody ever tried the product? And how 2 people say, yeah, I tried.
I loved it. 3rd person say, I'm thinking about it. I haven't tried it yet.
I'm really an offense. Convinced me. So I'm basically just interacting myself trying to get engagement.
With 8 different people, literally people of me. And then 1, 2, 3 people bite. And then Con them to go to then a chat.
Of Facebook chat. I don't know if you guys the messenger. Because again, our product is $250 a month.
Right? Take us I can send it. We're a direct consumer. Why not, you know, an app that's 1020 bucks a month or $250 a month.
For cry doesn't exist. And a websites, a landing page, says please credit card here.
Right. And so you have to do a little bit more of convincing. So then I'm moving them to Facebook chat or chatting.
I'm converting some people from there. There's something people giving them credit cards over chat.
So I'm getting my cell phone, right? So that is 1st one. I don't know this gonna work now or not, but.
I assume it still could work. You're smart about it. Just got the key is really find the right people.
The right groups, number one's right group. So it's a funnel, right? The right groups.
Then through interactions, then engagement, and you kind of, when people in the funnel, they never heard about you, did they heard about you, but they think they don't know to tell us to they're interested to and you're gonna go from a hundred people to 10 to 5 to 3 in a reconvert.
So that was the 1st one. The next one was around. Being a guest on podcasts.
You know, everyone always says, it's funny, one of the mentors, Matt,'s mentors told us, you know what your product really work well and like where he's like.
Joe Rogan podcast, you should go be a guest. I told the guy, you know, and he said no.
And I just laughed because I said this is incredible voice, man. I never thought about. That, hope you guys don't be sarcastic, cause I was at the currently terrible advice.
To go be podcast guest on Jordan but What I looked at podcast is a popularity contest. It's actually the same game with if you take a back.
Venture capital firms podcast celebrities high school popularity contests the same exact dynamic What you do is you pick your niche.
Our niche was health care, health and wellness, medicine. And you basically export a list of all the podcasts there.
And. I basically had a list of like 700 podcasts from the most famous ones, like most of them, like Peter Tia and Andrew Huberman to least famous ones for like nobody's ever heard of.
And I started reaching out to like number 700 700 to like 6 86 90. And and say I'd love to go in your pockets because ABC.
How do those couple said yes? I did the podcast. And we got some, some we got no sales and we got one or 2 sales, right?
But now I have content I can use. And not only do I have content to show other people now.
I also now can ask those podcasters. Do you know anyone who has a podcast in this area?
And it turns out podcasts are the friends of all the podcasts. Big surprise. Jessica engineers are friends engineers, just like investor friends and other investors.
Same thing, same concept. So then the 6 90, guy traced me to 6 50. Podcaster.
Same thing. 6 50. That's that person. They knew the 600 podcaster and he kept moving up, moving up.
To the point I think we have to like number 4 and or 3 in the world for our sphere.
Right? And you just keep going down this and the exact same concept for everything. Venture capital firms, you see the same thing.
When you do a bunch of capital firms, you put them in tiers here one through 3, one through 5, and you start the bottom.
You don't want to go through top of 1st because if you do some silly you burn that relationship.
But if you start the bottom, they wanted they're a little bit more open, they're helpful, they're more shots of goal and you work your way.
And you also get better over time too because If you do get lucky and you get on Joe Rogan.
And then you can say some,'s never done a podcast. You really burn that relationship. And you gotta be make sure you're ready as well.
You need exposure and experience.
Dan, quick question of the chat. When you said you got one or 2 sales on the podcast early on, were you selling a product or a wait list?
At this point is wait list. Yeah, people end up prepaying for about we for us prior to ever having product exist.
The $250 a month for direct consumer product. That one page which is give me a credit card.
That's awesome.
You know, how, how long was that time? How long was the wait list?
It didn't, it was. I mean, when I say we did again, 0 1.
We, we, we, launch in like 2 weeks, we didn't launch for a month and a half.
2 months like so there's 2 parts 1st of all the product didn't exist we want to build something before we knew people wanted But the second part is, there's also technologically impossible that point in time.
For 2 reasons. You had the device we were talking. Before you'd scan with your iPhone.
Apple did not have the did not give the ability to companies scan things. With a phone besides Apple Pay.
Or Abbott's company call, Abbott, the one we're using the sensor from.
So we didn't have permission. So we knew it was like September 19th was when official was gonna be released.
That you can now scan things with your phone through NFC in your chip and if chipping phone.
So until then. It was both physically impossible and we didn't actually build app. So even if we build the app wouldn't be possible.
We decided to launch a little bit earlier so we actually forced our members to download test flight. To then download our app because then you get like a head start for a couple weeks.
And that was also interesting. Does that answer your question?
Yes, and for how long was that, that you said 2, 3 months until then you actually had a product.
To sell.
Yeah, yeah, I mean, so the goal. I mean the timing is a little fuzzy now it's been some kind of 5 years.
Maybe a month month I have 2 it was more we knew we had a certain date but when we can launch so until that date and nothing mattered.
We like we couldn't get him to the product wouldn't work period, right, technologically?
But the other part is We knew some people were gonna cancel. And we didn't care. And it was much easier say, sorry, we'll give you your money back.
And so there was a month and a half 2 months time frame, where basically the, the, the, exist, we're just waiting.
And we get people refunds, they ask for them.
Gotcha. And the reason why I'm asking, Donna is because we're thinking about launching the wait list, VIP wait list, a demo day and then maybe 3, 3 months later do the actual commitments for the crowd funding and 6 months from now, provide the products.
And I don't wanna make it to lose momentum. That's why I'm asking about a timeline.
Yeah, well this one, this one I'll be frank and I think there's different approaches here.
The council wait list. Is a little different than what we did. So our biggest competitor at that point in time actually did a wait list.
But they, Willis wasn't really real wait list. They just they did it as a tactic to generate demand.
Say, look, you're on wait list waiting for you, but they're really given to anyone who really asked for it.
Well, we didn't, what we did it wasn't a wait list. It was a prepayment.
Away, Elizabeth, you give us your email. We'll send, we'll let you know when you're ready when we're ready for you.
That's a very popular tactic. That why come in a lot of tech stars company do just like a standard basis like let's create weight list of general demand.
So when people are like, William, they're excited when you launch and you officially announce it and you could.
Number one, number 2, could also sell to your investors. Look, I have a 10,000 person wait list.
Imagine 5 million dollars. I'll launch this and then such a sales tactic or marketing tactic rather than what we did we didn't figure I could have a wait list it was a prepayment.
That's a little nuance difference. Does that make a sense what I described here?
Yes, but actually our pray list is a pre-sale. Like we are asking them to give us $50 and then in September to add $200 to commit to the device.
Got it.
So you get a start for $50 and September you add $200.
Okay, so that's interesting. Why? Okay, that sounds, that sounds harder because they ask people today twice.
Sounds much harder because sometimes they change their mind later or they forget you exist or.
Yeah, we we want to 1st start, you know, test the ground to see if people actually this is so new, you know, like And so we wanna test the ground to see people are actually interested.
And since we don't have a product yet, we have a prototype that works really well in an app.
But we wanna make sure that what we're building is actually makes sense. You know, the pitch makes sense to them.
Yeah. I don't know how to answer because we didn't, I've seen the 2 different approaches.
I've, I've seen now before, but I don't know how it works so well.
I work, how well it works. I've seen the one where it's prepaid whole thing.
Or it's purely weightless. I've never seen that kind of the mixed combo. I don't know what the I wouldn't be the right person to answer that question for you because I just don't know the best approach.
I do know making it twice sales is hard because Like you're have to have to have to have to have to to the same thing.
Gotcha. Thank you.
And that's very difficult. So I don't answer that. I'm sorry.
No problem. I hear you. Thank you.
But yeah, but again, if you take step back here, it looks like you're further ahead than we were.
We had full prepayments. Cause we had no app, we had nothing.
Okay.
So just somebody's consider like. Okay.
Just go, go, go, go for, S $200, right?
Yeah, I mean, I'm just saying it's feasible, right? You're not gonna get a lot of people convert, but you don't need that many.
How many, $200? The nice thing about a high in subscriptions. Because you don't need that many.
If you're charging 5 bucks, want to need a lot of people to matter. Few of if it's 2 and 50 bucks you can get 40 people signed up.
Right? And you're already in tens of thousands of healthx and revenue. That's not.
We're doing millions a month and we don't have that many customers honestly.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, it's like, Tesla's is so nice, right? They're selling a hundred 1,000.
Sorry, DAN, this is Alekandra, Antonio's business partner.
Do you think that the fact that we have like 6 months? To the liver on the product itself is gonna be too long.
Like what's your thought on the timeline?
I think you should always ship. With the concept of being comfortable of giving people refunds.
We, we have people pre pay about 20% people. Just we're like, dude, what the hell, man, what did I pay for?
You my money back. We're like, sure. Here's a refund. Apologize.
Then we sent the divide once we did launch. Because we released a day was possible, right? Because that's when Apple, I think it was iOS 13 or 14.
It was the 1st version was lab scanning. We shipped with people. We actually didn't realize there was going to be night mode.
There's no nightm where it's Like from like 10 PM. Till 8 in the morning, your phone changes color and iPhone where it's like, so there's no blue, no blue light, I think a red light, whatever it is.
Do you know what I'm talking about? So we didn't know that was going to be feature.
Partly we're too busy to actually read the the actual update besides the NMC section. And so our app was black screen.
Every day from 10 PM. Till 8 in the morning. This purely brx black skin for the 1st month.
So you pay me $250 a month and our wrap only works 2 thirds of the time.
And our entire premise of the company is real time glucose minor. 24 7. That's our entire company business.
Cool. Because a story people could figure perk themselves any time. Here we're saying real time.
Even when you sleep, you know. Because you can wake up and you see all your different sleep and all of a sudden you can't even open app for.
That time. So when I say ship when you're embarrassed, really ship when you're embarrassed.
Like, you could always give money back. Remember this. There's what, 370 million or 360 million Americans.
If you piss off a thousand Americans Does your product sucks, but you learned that quickly? It's incredible.
You want the whole goal here so know that With a few exceptions, there's always a someone who's incredibly like.
Smart or lucky, whatever it is. There's always like one of a hundred just like a product works day one, geniuses.
But I'm not one of those. I fall into 9 9. Category where I have to reiterate my product and what I thought was me the right thing is not the right thing.
But I need to learn as quickly as possible. I mean, I'll give you guys context. We launched this company.
With a target market of Neil and me. Basically. 22 to 30 year old. Teg burrows in Silicon Valley.
That was our target market. We launched. Within 2 weeks we realized our target market was. Women over 40 who are menopause will live in Minnesota.
That is a very different target market. Very different like And the reason we started killing our all our competitors because they actually built a wait list they waited blah blah blah And we realize like, art these women over 40, a lot of times.
They want someone to talk to. They want a dietitian they want more expertise versus people like me and Neil I didn't need to jump off Neil never was, you know, actually signed up.
He never even like asked the question. Oh, you're still, yeah, I need to ask question.
I'm still here. Yep.
He's like, oh, how do you know this? I remember watch Peter Tia read only blogs.
So Neil already knew all this stuff like. He was not a target customer. Right? But it took because we released such a crappy version and we saw really quickly like we was like 10 people 12 people signed up and we saw it quickly like.
Hey, I'll be, I'll be your tech broadband. It's all good.
All the tech bows, which is I mean in a positive like not a negative. There you go, all the tech pros, they used it for like 2, 3 weeks and they like lost engagement or like just cancel left or month.
And all these, middle aged. Minnesota moms were on there like saying can I pay for a year?
And I was like, wait, what the hell are you talking about? It's not for you.
And All our competitors spend hours about building a product, redeveloping higher engineers. Making us perfect, and to this day, their user experience still better hours.
I should show you guys a slide also for someone else, which I think is kind of funny.
Maybe a different day. But the product was way better than ours. Way better. They still a better process.
But they just were marking the wrong people. And I would say, no matter how much you love dogs.
If I'm selling you cat food You don't care about caffeine. You're not gonna buy cat food, no matter how good a sales guy I am, no matter how much you need.
You know, you like you don't care about you don't need cat food and same thing here.
If I'm pitching tech bros and they don't care about this. It basically doesn't matter.
You have to understand over your and so by going faster, you get to reiterate faster. The 1st like 2 3 years, it's all about reiteration loops.
How quickly can you get to reiterate faster and adjust. That's really what you want because you a lot of it is just guesswork.
I think they want this. I talk to customers online. Interviews, surveys, it's all nice.
Doesn't really matter. What really matters is How quickly you can get people to actually show with their wallets.
Because you could have a hundred your friends telling you all love this even people saying like I would definitely sign up When you say put your credit card here and they go, you know what, never mind.
And so you really find out where your customers are really quickly when they have to actually put their money in.
And I had a question from Vincenta, Vincent. Vincent.
Love it. So yeah, these are like super great insights. They're also like B to B focus to like more consumer.
You actually have a finance background and D the prime is actually building a more inclusive and explainable AI underwriting solution and providing a debt capital.
So I'm curious how to get your perspective on like B to B partnerships for distribution. Like have you spent time thinking about like how you can partner, I guess, to like get referral volume or to drive, you know, the warm intros necessary to sell into banks credit unions.
Pintex, etc.
Yeah, go ahead.
Me specifically. I have not. Awesome. I have not done that in the b 2 b.
Fintech space. I do know a lot people do it. It's 1 of one of the best channels.
But I have not done that unfortunately.
Okay, okay, sounds good. Do you mind if I follow up with you afterwards? Kind of try about your experience in finance.
Sure. Yeah, happy too.
Awesome.
Yeah, I think Jeremy, you have a question here.
Yeah, few questions in the chat about how you were able to engage with Instagram. Influencers with no budget.
Yep, the 3rd point you're gonna conclude on. Yeah.
Yeah.
That's funny, I was on my to do, but we never got to it. But I'm, by the way, this is the value that you should be asking questions because I think.
We're selling the 1st slide, there's something, 25 more, but. And we don't need to, So the dog behind running around.
Let me know if it's too long guys. Sorry. Regard to influence, I basically just jammed them.
You're good.
Same exact approach. I start off with really unpopular ones. Like, they only have 5,000 followers.
I need to work my way up the time, 2050, 60, guess what? 5,000 influencer followers?
Then we'll only talk to you. And the funny, same, You post with them and then you say, do you have any friends or I and you actually can super you literally look at who follows them if you click on the link Instagram you looked up who follows you It'll actually prioritize most famous people to least.
So if you see like this person has $5,000, when you click on top 3 and they're like, they both have 20,000 you say.
I saw you connect with this for people, can you choose me?
For which people.
And what was the ask, sorry. What for the influencers when you DM them? What was the goal?
The 1st one or the connection.
Oh no, the 1st one. So you reach out to the 1st influencer, what did you want them to do for you?
I want them to post saying that Nutral Sense has the CGM device and the app that you sign up to improve their Google's control.
That's what I want.
And no, no monetary offer in return or anything.
Yes, Monterey in return, but I had no cash. Remember, right? And so belief system is that.
Yeah.
When you're starting a company, and again, your pitch investors, all that stuff. You can, people will say, oh, show me a scalable channel.
How can you show me, but how can I show you Scable channel if I've never tel the channels?
Or how can I show you this cable channel? I don't have money to go test up annoying channels.
Yeah.
A lot of money. So it's just like catch 22. To scale any money but to get money I need show stable channels how does that work?
So what you need to do is need to do unscalable things, things that just do not work very well.
Like at scale. But they have the ability to come scalable. And so you're doing unscalable.
And demonstrating a vision of this will become scaled in the future. Look, investor, look how great it is.
And then once you get the money, you do a scalable version of it. So influencers, for example.
I DM a thousand of them like 6 or respond to me. Again, a call with 6 of them.
Out of those 6, I convinced 2 to work with me. Right? Just basically like discussing and I don't have money.
So what did I tell him? I'll pay per conversion.
Right. So. 2 things happen. They are not working for free.
Theoretically. They convert someone. That person converts, I get revenue. I can actually now hire someone without revenue and by product and all those things that build what I want to build.
And then 3 months later, I paid influences. So I actually didn't like we didn't like we actually had a revenue.
And we're profitable theory before we even. Like got money from tech stars to raise money. Now we're not the opposite, but.
Back then, like was kind of ridiculous where like. We were paying them post all this time, so we were getting free revenue.
If you're a campaign cash later. And as you're, this is grows more more. Now by the time you feel like 30 influencers, you're getting paying them later.
You're paying original ones. Do you have more cash paying and your floating makes your cash? You're almost creating like accounts for single balances for yourself.
To help clarify.
Was it? Yeah, wasn't a percentage of the sale that they could.
Or was it a fixed amount?
Okay.
I did. Yeah, yeah. I did a fixed amount. But I mean, it depends on your subscription.
Yeah.
If does this could do by the way, whatever works best for you. It's kind of like you versus them.
What can you afford to pay?
Do you know that number in your head? Do you actually want to pay as little as possible? But still not too little because if you do too little, you won't be incentivizing them, right?
Cool.
And again, the irony, the same thing here. I would then go look at influence and I would say, hey, can you choose me these 3? Influencer.
Now, worked way up against who celebrity influencers over years. Kind of 2 But 3 parts is meticulous.
Tracking of influencers in Excel file. Or Google Sheets.
To come.
Track all these people like where they on the list. Assuming that's gonna be like 99% rejection rate.
And number 2 is. Be very specific. What I mean by that is You can't say, okay, can you use me some influencers?
You have to say like. Can introduce me to these 2 people for this topic. Right? And guess what?
When you
Someone and they're literally text and turn you an email The response rate goes from like 1% to like 9 9.9% because they're buddies in Jerusalem.
You're not like message them, you know, blankly directing, messaging, right? They're friend, you's them.
So all of a sudden. It just gets so much easier. Like we got to some of the most famous people.
Within like 12 months just doing that. It was kind of crazy.
Yeah, it just requires a little bit of like. Meticulous, train on it, but It's just funny because it's all the podcasts, influencers, bunch of capital firms.
They're all actually kind of identical.
Thank you.
So then on those lines, it sounds like, basically as you were converting people.
Really door, literally door to door, then you would just ship the device to them and the test flight app.
Thank you.
And it would start using it. And then right Yeah, how do you how do you deal if people wants to return because now you're using the money their money to build your your products.
If people want to return that's and and assume worst case.
100% return okay so how do you how do you deal with that risk That's you, I mean, you use the money, but then you need to return it.
So you're gonna go negative, right? Like, how do you deal with that?
Yeah, I mean
So the 1st time we sold for 10, the 1st time it was only 10 people that pre signed up.
So not a lot, but a 2 50 piece was $200,000. Right for that month. And a customer number 7 that prepaid.
Actually emailed and said, hey, the packages didn't arrive, I'm moving to France.
Can you, give me a refund? So what I actually did is I got an airplane and went to France.
And handle delivered her the product. I went back to Chicago, because I didn't know what have returned.
For that one specifically. Fast forward 3 years later, we ask him of hiring that person. And they're now our VP operations.
Really impressed person. I think they were like Olympic summer. But I did not want returns.
And so it is anything you need to do to get them to now return. As long as you're staying above cogs.
So if you look at Nectar mattress, for example, or in these mattress companies.
I think they'll answer your question. If you look at the websites. I mean this is here I'll show you.
They're really the experts on this and you can just copy it and there's no reason for in front the wheel here.
You guys see my screen?
Yeah, I mean, what do they have returned here?
Yup.
Let's see, return.
Yeah, see, 365, You can literally return for any reason, 3 in 65 days.
It's kind of insane, right? This is a 12 to $1,500 project return for any reason whatsoever.
Try calling them and seeing how they how they accept your return. They will by the give you return. But they have a script of like 7 ways to get you not to take a return.
They'll send you free pillows. They will say, how about a $200 discount?
How about we send you like, it's, it's incredible. I mean, I have to admire in that regard and you know, they will I can explain to you over next 7h how to do it effectively or you could just like tried live with our agents.
Just say like, hey, I wanna return this and see what happens. And you'll just learn more than anything else about that.
It's a very solvable problem. From hundreds of problems you get to solve this is probably one of the easier ones.
To solve. So encourage you to give them a call or any measure. By the way, I'm not investor, net, or anything.
So.
But all these mattress companies do this. So just 1st one to pop my head.
But like yours was all organic growth, no VC money. It was like just angel and a tech stars and then organic growth and revenues.
Thank you. Much.
We had,
Before we got a single dollar of any angel text or anyone. Where do you came to Texas with revenue?
Yeah, because I think I told you guys like I think my I had a panic sudden after quit my job. So.
Kind of fight or flight. I chose, I guess, fight. And so.
So within 30 days I realized I need to figure out. General revenue. So we had what $2.5,000 after 2 weeks.
Next time we had $8,000 next month next month we had $20,000 next time $40,000 Just keep going up and up.
Because I just said, okay. This influence her thing is working. Interesting. What am I doing wrong?
Let me adjust. Let me create my file. Great. And then also remember I'm going up on influencer.
I'm going to 5,000
To 10,000 to 50. So now, 100,000 to follow influencer posts. I'm no longer getting one sale.
I'm getting 50 sales getting a hundred sales, right? So as you work in your funnel, up and up and up.
You're getting more and more sales too, right? So it's, it becomes easier. You end up talking an exact amount of people becomes easier.
Just like if you talk to, you know. My podcast you've never heard of, you probably can get one sale.
But if you call Joe Rogan, you probably can get like 10 million dollar sales. The same concept as you move up, it becomes easier and easier.
That's why you people say like second 3rd time founders, they can do a way easier because they already have connections.
They don't have to restart again from scratch. Does that help answer your question? I actually
Yeah, hopefully that answer someone's question.
Absolutely. Yeah, thank you, Dan. Absolutely. Thank you.
Yeah, I'm happy to tell you our experience one on one side. I don't know if it's relevant to everyone here though, so I don't want people.
To feel distracted.
No.
I would love that so I'll take it offline. Thank you.
Got a question?
I'm curious if you have any recommendations for how to jump start getting good at podcasts, cause I actually, am not following.
Introduced to a pretty popular podcaster. And I haven't done a podcast before. I'm like, oh.
Good opportunity. I mean, should I tell them to wait or is there some way I can get smart at this?
Oh, just do it. You need to do it right away. You can do it right away. You should assume.
Okay.
Excuse my French. You'll probably fuck up.
Yeah.
Alright, if you go in the mindset that you fuck up, the worst that happens is you fuck up. And that's it.
But what if you do okay? Not great, but if you should do okay. The upside is too high here and the risk is too low.
This is one of those that's where you should definitely take right away. Like that's 1 of the times of someone like you get lucky.
That's a i was not
Against opportunities.
To grind way up, but if you're getting that, you need to take advantage of that immediately.
Thanks.
Yeah, I saw Valeria has an I think Marcia, I don't know, I'll make sure I'm pronounced correctly.
Yeah, I'm mutual. Go ahead.
Cool. I have a question about sort of free channels that take a while to ramp up like SEO and content.
Maybe Chloe, you can kind of side who goes next.
So we got all of our users so far through content, free content. But, you know, to really do it well, you have to keep at
Yeah.
Yeah, it's, it's exactly that. You're probably as we need right now.
You just put them on back burner.
And by the way, I prioritized it as long term channels like SEO. I basically looked them as like I'm going to allocate.
Less than 5% of my time on this. Because, but you need to start now. If you don't start at all.
3 years later, getting a screwed. Because you can see when you keep doing forever. But once it comes in, helps a lot, but he's do it for a long long time.
So it's really small location time. If you're saying you don't want to die, just maybe 0%.
But in some ways, SEO is a luxury. So if you have a lot of money or you are generating a lot of revenue, if you have a lot of investors.
That you should start maybe saying, okay, I'm gonna do 1020%. But if you're a point where you're like pre revenue or very little revenue.
Maybe 0 around SEO. Well, if you're talking, if you're converting content like through TikTok, That you can go, right?
That is. Moving out that's almost proving out like unscalable can become scalable.
That's a little different because that doesn't take very long. ICO takes forever, but TikTok, YouTube, Instagram, Content, then go really, really fast.
Does that answer your question?
Yeah, absolutely. We've and we haven't tried TikTok yet. Most of the Instagram has been what successful for us.
So that one I would keep going because that one is not somewhat like I say, you know, like, yeah, you post today, you get sales today.
Or you're again you're demonstrating to the investor that this unscalable strategy has the potential become scalable.
So I was giving you guys an example of influencers. Messaging a thousand people and getting like 6 people to get a call with you and only 2 of to work with you.
Is really on scale, it sucks. But by doing that, and getting sales, and I go to Now imagine, and Mr. Investor or Miss Investor.
If I could pay those people 10,000HA piece, how quickly would they respond to me versus do for free?
And that paints a picture of like, that is true. You have people do this for free. Imagine if we paid them.
And by the way, when you pay people $10,000, they respond like this to you. The response rate goes from like you know 2% or even point 2% to like 95%.
It really is skyrockets. If you pay enough and you're trying to get Oprah Brad Pitt to do it advertising for you, right?
And so that's the scalability of the same thing, right? Oprah Rapidters, influencers.
You gotta pay him a lot. That's the scalability part here. I'm gonna do an unscalable work to show, but this would work.
And I'm painting a picture for investors like look. Leave us jump. Give me the money to get it there.
So help clarify.
Yeah, immensely.
Glad to hear it.
We've got another one out of the chat. What channels did you try that didn't work?
Going back to the 6 sales channels you tried?
What channels I try that didn't work? Twitter influencers I tried from you didn't work.
They've worked for other people. They didn't work for me. Maybe because I didn't actually have Twitter ever before starting his company.
I didn't realize I used Twitter Instagram was a little easier because I've been, you know.
And avid probably unhealthy user of Instagram over the years. And so I just kind of knew the dynamics a little more and Twitter was not very good at it.
Years later, I figure out how to be better at it. But I also realize like generating me generating $2,000 a month on Twitter is probably not worth my time.
But at the early stages, if I knew how to do better, I would have done better at it.
That's 1. For some reason I couldn't. Get I couldn't get YouTube influencers to work for me.
For free, because there's, I couldn't figure out how much, or DM, you just like email them.
And my copywriting skills were not as good an email that point in time. As they were. I just, Cause in DM like you can, you know, on Instagram like, I would leave a comment on like a picture and then send a message and, you know, like kind of that game.
Versus like an email like if they literally have really good copyright and skills and you basically get one shot and you know you can always like spam and all sorts of stuff.
That's for I'm a little better copy right now, but it's just a little bit different skill set, right?
Yeah.
So that's another failed. Is that help clarify? So something like.
Thanks. Sorry, and the other question was, how quickly did you, decide to drop those?
Okay.
On the ones that we're working.
Hmm, like 3 months, 3 months.
Right. I mean, and it's more so like. Selection bias here, right? I'm trying all these channels because they're all free.
That's right. I near down 6 because they're all free. So again, I'm happy that I only got free channels.
Maybe if I have money investments. I would have tried other channels, but they, they also could work, but I I was in the point where you didn't have money.
And then I tried all the same time and the 1st ones I clicked, the ones I, you know, double, click on and went forward more and more and I just kept getting deeper.
So maybe if I spend more time on YouTube, Influencer work better. I think there's What's hard here is there's some channels simply don't work for your business.
But they didn't work for mine and vice versa, right? That's number one. But the other part is There's also like marketer skill channel.
So this channel might be amazing for you. But you don't have the skills for it, right?
Like I'll give you an example. I bet if I can convince people on the internet to give me money that there's people in America that if I knock on doors, they'll also give me money.
Right? If I just knock on, walk around the streets and just knock people's doors in middle Minnesota, someone will give me money.
But I'm not really good at that. Like, I don't know how to knock people's doors.
I get kind of nervous. And so people are really gonna knock out doors, but they're probably not as good at like as chatting with someone who can be a chat to give them money, right?
And so, I, you know, if you guys probably know like. People sold things in person. May knock indoors for hundreds of years, thousands of years probably.
But I'm not able to do that. So I could have said like, oh, it's a failed channel.
I don't believe that. I think I'm just not the right marketer for that channel.
So it's. Chattle sometimes doesn't work and sometimes the person and that channels and work and you have to make that clear distinction, right?
Does that clarify?
That's yeah, thank you.
Any other questions? I see, Valeri has something, I don't know if you want to ask out loud.
Was it?
I did not ask anything, but I am having a great time listening to this.
Glad to hear it. Any other questions?
Go ahead.
Yeah.
Yeah, very quickly. So you said that you have, you got your original target user wrong.
How did it and then you discovered it was months in the forties who wanted to talk to a nutritionist how did you get to the 1st one?
Did was it through JTV? Cause I think that we're in that situation where, you know, we need to expand and think a little bit broader about our target consumer.
How I found out they were the ones or how did I get them on the platform?
What was your original targets? In, how How did you get the right one into your platform exactly?
My original target was 2230 year old. Tech pros. But again, desperation was basically like anyone who'll just respond to engage.
I need them in the platform. And so it's just like as I went to like for example, I want to
Palaton groups, Facebook groups, or Ring or Fitbit or Keto Junk diet groups.
How would you do engagement? Whoever wanted to gauge me. I'm like, I need to talk to that person.
Right. More women or 40 engaged with me than young guys. Apparently a lot of young guys don't want to chat with the random.
Right. Well, just this is how it worked out, right? Like to be frank.
And so it's just whoever it was, was selection bias, who agrees to talk to me was the people, right?
We still got a bunch of like D by hackers. I mean, our early people were all San Francisco, all barrier, right?
And when they all sign up, so that's number one. We just like revenue. We don't know who the customer has.
Remember prior to this, I didn't know what Ketoji was. I didn't know what carb cycle.
I didn't know these words you meant a lot of these words. So I was just a complete discover.
I didn't I was not a customer. I mean when we started so I thought this is kind of a stupid idea Oh, I don't want this.
And it turned out he wanted, but I had to understand. I'd almost convinced myself and learned from this.
Why do you want this? What do they need? And so. Whenever I got people from Facebook to chat, I asked them hundreds of questions.
Like I didn't ask a question like, why are you talking right now? Why are you open to this conversation?
What problems you facing? So similar jobs to be done. Except less of a product and more so about the problem that they're facing.
Right? And then when I do the problem, I was more so focused on convey a problem on my website.
And in that communication to them. Without the product actually solved and the problem because the private exist. Then we said we'll solve the problem.
We can always build the product. I said earlier with that we're not sending Rocks in space.
I'm guessing most people here are not doing something so incredibly intense that it's like you need like billions of dollars and so you can always build pretty much anything.
Right. And so 1st to understand like is there demand for your problem? Jobs to be done to me is a little deeper in funnel.
Where you have consumers, they like your product, they find value. But maybe they're turning early or maybe they're like.
Sometime in and you're like, okay, well, how do I make sure they stay for a longer time?
Or how do I speak to more effectively at scale? So it's a little bit more fathered down to me at this point.
I was like, I need revenue survive. Because again, I could do as many interviews I want, but until someone gives you their credit card.
Let's say people say actually matters to me. Right? Like, I'm sure you guys been on a date before in your life where a person says, I really like you.
Let's go another day and I go, of course. I never hear from them again. Right?
How did that happen? And so that's why I don't take these interviews. As impactfully.
You know, as a credit card. I do like doing interviews and I have to interview, be like, all right, here's a checkout page.
Can you play, can you pay it live? And so these people on chat, I will often say, okay, seems like we're on board here.
Here's a link. Let's pay. And see if they pay. They really, if you're really gonna solve the problem, they're gonna pay you.
I mean, at perfect example, I mean, like, I could pick out anything here. Lehander, right?
What's your business?
I'm working with Antonio in a where the, wearable for mental wellness.
And so you guys are trying to negotiate the API contract.
Yes, we are. One of those.
How important is that country to you?
That's a good question.
No. Yeah, not very important actually. We would like to follow up with you as well on that then, but we believe that this is the phone factor.
People use 1HA day this thing. We want people to use it 12HA day like your wearable.
Okay, so this is just an entry point for us to start testing our app and keep testing the algorithm with a company that is established in the sector.
But we wanna build our own hardware. There's gonna be as small as yours. And maybe these guys can actually help us with manufacturing and hardware.
We provide the design. And we see these guys as a way to grow and start getting customers. But, but eventually you wanna be like you guys, like having the smallest EG device in the world that is very cheap and we can start selling door to door.
Like you guys did and I'm very inspired by what you're teaching us today. It's phenomenal by the way.
If I can give you that device. In 2 months. Would you take it? You said people used for 12 months.
What device? The
No, I say you wanna build. You said you wanna build a voice. People use for, that's small in the world.
If I can give you that device. Would you want it?
Yes.
Yeah.
How much did you pay for that?
So we are still building it, so we believe that we can build it for, $50.
And then charge maybe $100 and then charge, maybe, 100 $200 on it.
What if I give it to you for $10?
I want to know.
Yeah, absolutely.
You want to get your credit card? And we'll make those 11.
Yeah.
You said I'm saying like, you just gotta add, you gotta let the other person talk. More?
Understand what they want? What they need. I still don't really know your product to be frank.
But just by asking you questions on you saying you're going to tell me what you want.
And I should have to ask you that back.
So, and our example like. And so like in your customer's example. Is it around stress?
I'm guessing stresses you guys working on or what is it?
Yes.
Stress and anxiety, yes.
Social Exactly. Okay, so like Do you have social anxiety? Yes, I do.
What, what, like how does it impact your life? I can't sleep at night. How does that impact your life?
That you can't sleep at night. I struggle to work.
Well, how's it stopping you? Like, what makes you struggle to work with us? Because you know, I, whenever my boss talks to me, I get nervous and then I can ask for raise.
Oh, so how much raise you asked for? $30,000. So tell me that if you have the confidence and less social anxiety you get $30,000 more a year.
Yep. We know what? I have this device for $100. Or $200.
I'll remove that for you. Are you interested? Right like having a conversation you just start getting deeper deeper deeper.
Why why why why It lets you understand how to convince that person. 1st off, if you could, if you can't solve the problem, don't, you know, don't invent something that's not possible, right?
Like, don't tell me you got a cure cancer if you can't cure cancer. You don't say that.
But like, what you're describing is very feasible. You know like that's realistic I know I believe that you guys can do this.
Hmm.
But the irony is you gotta get the revenue to make it happen, right? Revenue.
Capital and then build. But the way you get revenues understand the problem.
Right. And I think that's the way you do it. You just keep asking those questions, all you really understand what it is because People like, I'm guessing some people like people aren't saying, oh, I wish I didn't have anxiety.
They're saying, I wish I had an anxiety so I can get a girlfriend. I wish I didn't have anxiety so I can make friends.
I wish I could have anxiety so I get a raise of work. You know, I wish I can, exactly. So there's a reason for that.
Okay.
So it's step afterwards. It's not either worked about. They're worried about. The things they're doing their day that are not accomplishing, right?
And it's thinking about what is it that's driving that factor. And addressing no stinks.
And then people are really willing to pay you after that.
Does that help?
Yeah.
Yes. Yeah, he does.
And sorry of my examples are maybe not as. Great. I'm doing real life here in real time.
And so it's a little complicated without knowing your business or.
They're actually pretty.
Yeah, but now this is great and basically you're saying converting the JTBD interviews into sales calls basically.
Yeah. Yeah.
Start converting those into sales calls. Understanding and in in sales.
Yes, yeah, it's it's a little different I'd say because I think there but there is overlap, but it's a little different, right?
J be done as a framework. It's a great framework, by the way. This one's a little bit earlier in the funnel.
Of more just I mean, it's kind of like paying to cash.
What JDBD is more like. One state pay jutes or like What do you build for them, right?
How do you dress a solution? Is it that device? Like for example, does it really have to be small device in the world?
The people actually care? I'm not even sure. It's a big device. Doesn't matter.
Maybe doesn't. Is it better for last 3 years or one month or 2 days? Like, so that job will be done a lot of times about that as well.
Because, for example, the job is they're afraid they're gonna look silly. That's what they want social anxiety.
When you give a device that's huge, they're gonna look like goof balls. Then again, you didn't you create another problem for them?
Sold them, but then you invent a new problem from now that they want to where those things are embarrassed, right?
And so you should, that's more jobs. We don't help address that a little bit more.
So I'm probably earlier in the funnel actually than Jasmine. Probably like me and then just meet up.
Next.
But really, Jobs been a, a good guy. I think you guys talk to him. Really, really sharp guy and really helpful.
Any anything else?
We're running short on time. Should we see if we can run through a few more slides?
Sure, sure one slide. I think one right now. So. Let me see.
If I can open this. But this is great. I'm glad you guys are asking questions. This is more for you guys than is for me.
So I'm gonna make sure you guys are getting value. You think that drives?
Let's see, where's this deck?
Let me know where PowerPoint is anymore. It's stressful.
Oh. There it is.
Yep. Okay.
Alright, back to business guys. Back to business. Can you guys hear him? So any questions on this slide?
Alright, next slide. So I think the thing about is This is important stuff awareness actually as you guys need to do this.
Is understand. Like truly, this is, this is the really hard exercise because I'm startups because I think We as founders have to be a little bit crazy and a little bit.
You, to start a company and say like, hey, I'm gonna quit my job and I'm gonna start some that's never existed before.
It's, it's a little cocky, right? Let's be honest here.
And that skill comes with sometimes lack of self awareness because you don't know you can fail and you're like I can anyone you know you have to be a little crazy and same time cocky and all self-aware just hard and so Where are your actual pain points?
In regards to sales marketing, all the stuff. What I mean by that, it always comes with humans, right?
So if it's you and your partner, let's say it's 2 of you guys.
Which one? You guys is actually in charge of this.
What I mean by that is only 2 jobs matter. Only 2. Build and sell. Are you building or you selling?
Because the biggest mistake that I've seen over and over and over you have an engineer start company and guess what?
They hire another engineer or find another cool find engineer because it's easy. Or they have a prog manager.
And they find a program manager designer or even You might have to salesperson or marketer, but then you also hire a marketer, right?
No, bring a market with cofounder. It should build ourselves. You just divide that. And so ask yourself like, is a me or is my partner?
Because a lot of people say, like, we're both kind of doing building. We're both kind of doing sales.
No, no, no, no. One does sales, one does building. So really asking yourself. Which one am I?
And dividing this. You guys are on both cell and what if you guys would selling ones building?
And if you guys don't have that, that you're truly like. Oh, it's both of us, but we're kind of both bad at it.
One or 2 things need to happen. Either one needs to get really freaking quick, good, pretty quick.
And say I'm folks on this. Well, your focus, I'm gonna get really quick, good, or you need to get another cofounder.
3, rd 4.th
Or one you gotta realize maybe I'm not supposed to be part of start a founder because I'm not the right person.
But you have to determine that really, really quickly. Because you can have the best freakin product in the world.
But if people don't know about it, doesn't matter. That's the Iron here.
It doesn't matter. There's so many products, they're just incredible, but people don't know they exist.
And so. I mean, I think good exercise is, you know. Go around the room like Lisa.
Who's in your team?
We are, I think the only ones with the, I'm the brand person, we have a fantastic CTO and a sales genius.
So I think we we onto this.
Oh, you're good. Okay. What about you, David?
We have me product and then my CTO is a host like engineer.
Who's doing marketing sales?
Me.
But you said you do product, right?
Yeah, product management background.
So, so you're doing or do you think the right person do market in sales?
On the team, yes, in terms of. The best skill set for it. Decent above average but not not my expertise.
Do you think you'll be good enough in 3 months? How good do you think you'll grow now?
I think it'll be good enough for 3 months.
Okay, well it's good. But that means that you should stop doing product completely. Should do 0 product going forward.
Your CTO needs to product. They need to expand their skills and own product. So you could hyper focus to do marketing, get really freaking good at it.
If you're doing some marketing, you're not, if you're incredible, of course you can do millions of things.
But you're not saying you're elite and 99 percentile. And to pause all other things.
And only do that. Literally do that and nothing else. And your CTO needs to own product.
And that time period because without things.
Yeah, how do you? I'll just ask how do you manage? Those roles with like collaboration when it comes to feedback and iterative loops.
Like for example, we have roles where someone is a driver, but We still also have these things were up.
Let's say George may make a decision I disagree with and I'm like, actually, I don't want you do it this way.
You can do it that way. Do you think that kind of contradicts the ideas of, hey, this is your role, you should be doing this or.
Are you, are you pre pre pre revenue or post revenue?
For free product your revenue.
Correct.
Pre revenue. Yeah, until you get revenue and you get feedback from your customers that are paying customers that I, yeah, not ideal customers interviews.
Like none of it matters like get paid customers. So your job right now was convince people to pay you.
And get them to pay you. The moment they pay you, and you ask him what they want or if they're leaving, are you leaving or they're paying you more, what is they want?
Then it's no longer debate. You know exactly what they want and it's not your opinion.
It's the customer's opinion. But that those things don't matter. If that person builds the wrong shit and you don't have customers, it doesn't matter.
Right? If you have customers, they build around shit that you can adjust. But you like it doesn't matter like whether it's they build the right or the wrong stuff. It simply doesn't matter right now.
That's iron in here. Because you don't actually know you're basically You guys are.
Debate intellectually. And it's more of like, again, you know, the mentioned is the difficulty about being self-awareness here is because for you to start a company if you're really freaking smart and really charismatic and really like Confident, which means I Your co-founders also know those criteria and those things clash.
Because but an end customer wins but without customer you don't have a tie breaker So if you just let them build shit, it could be the wrong shit and assume it's gonna be a lot of something to run stuff, but it doesn't matter.
Right? What he should they radically do is almost help you assist with sales. For example, you're convincing customers and you got like 3 signed up or 3 will the page you but they said we're gonna cancel.
Let's give him this feature. Then you tell him, Hey dude, this is, they're literally, Build this.
Over time, you'll find out like sometimes you go in wrong directions. You might be like, oh, we built for like 5 people, but a million people want something else.
But find out later. And it's over time when you have 20 engineers doing stuff for you. Right now it's sell, build, sell, build.
Yeah.
It doesn't matter. And so you say, I'm gonna do only sales for marketing sales, whatever for 3 months.
Because I need to become an elite at this. I need to come the best in the world of this.
So either you can do that or you can't. If you can't do it, put someone else in place, we can.
But the only you can do that fast like people spend 20 years and still bad at marketing sales. How do you do in 3 months?
Absolute focus. You can't do anything else. Everything else is distraction. I mean, that's what I said, we don't have swag.
For 3 years. Didn't really spend much time with investors. We didn't do PR.
We didn't do SEO. Sorry, for a while because it's just like. I don't know what I'm doing.
I feel for who is my customer like I could do SEO for like we did SEO. We don't think much time would have spent by the SEO for the bio hacker tech pros.
I've got all of us, nobody would have signed up because they don't care about product to care.
It's a different demographic. So then you're going to run. Because you don't have customers, right?
You're guessing you're just, throw, you know. And you need customers to tell you the right direction.
Perfect. Makes sense. I guess how important is building that in that sense. And so Our theology has been, hey, we don't need to build them unless we have someone who's paying.
Yes.
And then start building. And so we've kind of. Actually almost become strictly a marketing and selling team where the goal right now is to just sell and marketing we're not really building we're just using the feedback we get from these conversations to improve our marketing.
Yep.
But in that sense, our roles have kind of become more ambiguous in the sense where My co-founder is a builder, but we're not building.
See.
I'm a product manager, but we're not developing the product. We're just selling and marketing kind of thing.
But you haven't sold yet, right?
Hmm, no.
So until you sell, you haven't really actually become marketing sales. You like, you talked about marketing sales lots.
You try marketing sales a lot, but you didn't actually convert, right? It's kind of people say like, You know, I'm kind of pregnant.
It's either pregnant or not pregnant. You don't kind of get pregnant, right? It's in, you don't kind of sell.
Until you sell, right?
Yeah.
And so right now you're, I think you think you're a marketer in sale, but you're actually not.
Gotcha.
When you get, well, but give you pay you 10 your marketing sales. You got it. And in the regard to building.
There's exceptions what I'm saying. The exception is this. If you are, again, building AI, like, like if you're like open AI, you're building something innovative that like.
That's difference. Like I mentioned before, if you're building something like rockets. You probably get to build those before you sell, right?
If you're, if you're doing cancer research, probably to build it before you sell. But that's that's like the 1% of things that are like.
On usual, right? Unique. Majority of companies here, I'm guessing, 9,000 companies here are probably not in a bucket.
Maybe there's 1 here. So again, ask it. I don't know if anyone, does anybody feel like they're that company where you're like the rare bird where like.
You could basically be in profit because you build like a biotech company that's gonna IPO with 0 revenue.
Is the one that got? Okay, well, great. We at least remove that exception. Maybe somebody selects message this here.
Someone maybe didn't.
Yeah, it was we're doing capital markets. So it's a little bit different.
So what do you guys doing in capital markets? Is it that?
So we we essentially help facilitate Fintech lenders to get access to revolving debt capital debt facilities.
So we basically connect self-credit builder card from Tectage, 2015 with a hundred 1 million dollars from Bank of California.
And facilitate that as a deal. We also are focused on decisioning and providing AI decision that's a little bit more inclusive to help people at lower credit bands.
Why do you think that? Yours is different. Then everyone else's.
It's different just because of the order of magnitude of like trillions of dollars that we're working with and the individual deal size and the fact that like our time to our 1st sale is likely going to be at least a year, right?
So it is a little bit more like a hardware type startup from that perspective. Not obviously like actually like building rockets, but the timeline to 1st launch essentially is similar.
Question for you. How do people currently do this?
Wait.
Yeah. And So essentially the use enterprise solutions or they build it in house and typically they just don't have the talent in house.
Do they ever do that? Do they have, is there ever done relationship wise or like? I'm friends with the banker.
I'm friends with the capital manager. Allocator that can help you make this deal happen.
So that's the thing is that time to actually do the deal even through the manual process without actually building it.
Still in itself takes months to close these debt facilities because the due diligence necessary by the risk committees is a multi month process on both sides.
Got it. Can you use it earlier metric then because the deal size so big can use the metric of.
People that agree to work with you on a manual version of this.
And that's exactly what we're doing. We're using LOIs, which Neil hates, but we also recognize the reality of sales cycles for enterprise finance.
Yep, I mean, I hate a wise to some extent. It's really, I think it depends what's in there.
And how enough if it's something like we're considering working with you. Not very specific, but there's some other ways that are like Almost legally, right?
Yeah, ours is gonna have teeth around if they choose to use one of the debt deals that we broker we get 1% broker fee on like the 100 million dollars
Yeah.
Yep, that's interesting. Yeah, I mean, we could talk about more than doubt, but it's there's definitely ways to figure this out and you should you should probably define definition sales there, right?
Maybe it's LOI, maybe it's a little deeper in funnel. Maybe it's a stronger LOI.
I think when Neil's probably coming from and I'm not gonna speak for him, but I would I've seen all the Y's are so weak Like don't mean anything like I've seen a wise or like.
One we launch, you agree to work with us. You agree to explore working with us. I'm like, nobody takes that seriously.
But I've seen all the wise we're like. Here's a prepayment for $20,000 as a Guarantee that we'll work with you when we when this goes live.
Right? Like, that's more.
And that is.
Yeah, for sure. You need to have some teeth in it.
But, so you could still do prepayment otherwise. I've seen pre-.
Hmm.
Okay.
Yeah, the pre payment part hard because like it's It's a bit conditional on the actual debt deal going through and our actual like AI, we is not yet ready, but we could potentially be asking for NRE upfront and then discount the amount of broker feed that we take just to show the upfront value.
Yeah. I mean, you could do Escar account. You could say, Hey, can you put the deposit and escort account so we take you seriously because we're gonna build all these things for you.
You know, there's ways to think about it. Show more commitment. There's nothing ways around it.
Cause you want to wish to stop wasting time. I think we tried something where all these research organization reach out.
We want to partner with you guys, but we, you know, we're gonna. You know, worked with you in one year for now because we have to get off the approval.
And my marketing sales team actually spend. Months with these people and still $0 revenue. If I kinda cost that we spend it's probably like $100,000 of labor cost.
Negotiate all these deals. I don't even have anything to describe in the process. I missed out on a call.
I was like, we're happy to work with you. I need a 5% deposit. And like, 95% of companies dropped off.
They just appeared. Now we're taking it more seriously. Right. And so it helps you also understand that point of view.
So cool. What else? Anyone else here?
What about you, Kevin? Who's the Salesforce market person?
Okay. Okay. Sorry.
Yeah. Sorry, I thought you said Kevin. Kelvin, sorry.
Yep.
I think we had to Kevin's, yeah. So I'm the CEO and the salesperson, the building person is my city.
Got it. How good are you at sales?
So good. Cool.
I've been selling since I was 5, so I'm trying. Yeah. Not.
Okay, what about you, Sergey?
Yeah, I'm with, Lisa and so I. I'm building
Yeah.
Okay, perfect. So you guys are you guys in the dream team now the builder the okay awesome Nelson what about you guys?
You're also with Lisa.
Okay.
No, I'm separate. So I'm, I'm the product guy and I'm working with the software engineer.
And I'm trying to do sales and marketing over the internet. Just testing that out. So.
Yep.
So it's just YouTube. So I mean, it sounds like you guys need to. Break that roll apart, right?
Yeah.
Or maybe you stop doing stuff. And your CTO does engineer, so you're in software, does a product and you just do marketing sales.
Yep.
Yeah, that's the thing I think. You can't like again test out. Marketing sales.
Like you. It's only, it either works or doesn't, right? Because like, You can't go to invest for you raise money and say like I need I need cash from you guys in my company So I can test out more stuff.
They're gonna be like, well, what did you test already? And you're like, well, I need it a little bit because I was doing product.
Like no one's ever gonna do that. I've seen amazing products. Way better price. That was shitty, which shitty revenue that nobody invested.
Also, seen some terrible products. With awesome either revenue or just user accounts. That works too. And people just throw money in without having to understand what thought it does.
No idea, right? I'm assuming mostly guys want to raise money. So you should really I mean I mean this is perfect for you probably more than some that you guys should really think about and I'll send it to either purely marketing sales phone.
Forward start today. Or you're missing a 3rd co-founder. And which one is it?
Because this is the only thing you should be doing all day every day.
Yeah, probably both. Get a 3rd co-founder. Okay, I appreciate that.
But that person, yeah, I mean, it does is hard. It really is hard. Because we all like.
You guys should keep going like this. And understand this. What about you, Mark?
I'm CEO. So yeah, the more the operational side of business, my brother CTO, I would say I'm proficient at the marketing, but you just echo must be in my mind.
You just echo the last point. Just carving out the time to do it and do it consistently and do it, you know, at a high degree rather than kind of an hour or 2h there.
That's what I'm saying. It should be the only thing you're doing.
Again, another thing, I don't know if Neil, he's going to be mad more again me.
You guys know what you guys do that weekly update of all the metrics and stuff like that?
We were so focused on only build and sell build and sell. I think we missed like, 90% of up updates where we do the call, you know, the weekly meeting.
And we'd even update the sheets. And he was like, what are numbers? I'm like, oh shit, I, sorry.
And again, Neil is very upset. Sorry, Neil. But
Up getting
It's all good, there. I got over it. My rule with them, Dan, is that if they're making money, it's all good.
Like, if what they're doing is selling and making progress, then I forgive them. But if they're doing another shit that isn't relevant, then I have a problem.
Exactly. Because you're generated revenue. Neil get over it. He got over, he got over swag, he got over update, updates.
But if you're not general revenue, no matter how amazing your product is. What he gets a shit.
And this is very, very hard conversation to have with yourself. And I'm being a little bit, you know, nippy here because it's such a critical thing because there's no more important part than what you guys are doing now.
And as I'm going through, some of you guys are lucky that you already have this part. And you guys are bounds ahead.
And you're likely to accept just exponentially increase everyone else before it doesn't have it you need to do this.
Like it's so hard. Like maybe get a drink with your partner. And just talk about this, cause it's just so critical.
Should we go next slide? I know there's more people that I can pick but it's to me I think this is such, this is like step one that needs to happen before anything else happens.
And sometimes people care about stuff 5 and 6. And like we talked about. Podcast and YouTube, but if there's no any team could do that, does it really matter?
Like. It's a great channel, but like it doesn't it won't succeed right?
Just like I mentioned, I wouldn't be able to do engineering, not the guy.
Yeah, I know. Thank you for that. And we've just, one question because I have a my co-founder who is more into retail and home furniture stores that we are selling in that area.
I'm more into real estate. And I have my content in real estate. So we kind of divided the task of selling chase more into that one, me into the other one.
But she's only, she's also doing product because she's an architect and she knows about decoration and what we're doing.
So it's a better. Way to do it, that I go on sale. I mean, I'm not the great person on selling, but I doing some business development before, but I doing some business development before, in my work past years.
But it do you think it's better that she focus on building? And I focus in sale or this how do how do you see that?
I think one of you needs to focus on building one on selling. I don't know who's better at which one, but.
It could be either one, but it has to be one person, one person other. It's very difficult to do.
Product and sales at the same time as of one individual. It's just you're too distracted.
Again, if you already are an expert in industry, like there's exceptions to the rule, right?
Like. This is your now 19th company or your 3rd company where you've done sales and now you're like, Oh, I got the sales to figure it out. I'm locked on.
I'm an expert is and sure you can also do product because Because you may already know Joe Rogan.
I guess what like you don't need to spend why spending years trying to get those podcasts you already know Joe and you call Joe and you're like, hey Joe, can I come on?
Super easy. You might be friends with guys of Walmart and Target. Super easy, right?
So if you have those connections. Then you're good. If you don't have connections, then you and your party decide who's building selling and it's literally split.
It's only 2 jobs. Question back to, do you have those connections that you think you need?
But you can just get it like this.
No, no, no, no, I mean I have some but it's not like just like that.
We had to go and we had to do research. We had to go and we had to do the research. We had to read, so it makes sense.
Oh, yeah. And so it's important, there are exceptions to some describing their exceptions. If one of you, like if arts connected, like if the CEO of Walmart, just cousin, guess what?
Like. Cool. That'll work. Like, don't worry about, selling that much.
Just build awesome product. But not a lot of us have that. Like. Some people do, but not many.
Everyone else good? All right. I thought I saw some some more people questions here.
I don't have a connection. Well, guys, it's FYI, okay.
Oh, you said, okay, time.
Andy, go ahead.
Yeah, I just have a quick question on the build versus cell. What if you have like you have some customers and there's like an operations component what's your take on like keeping those customers.
Perfect. Once you get really good at building and selling. You hire a 3rd person. Maintaining revenue.
Okay.
So me, my co-founder is me, Sal and Marketing, my co-founder building.
And we brought a 3rd co-founder, 1st employee, she was the 1st employee with her co-founder.
To the dietician we her job was maintain revenue. You only, you have to earn the right to get that 3rd person.
Makes sense.
A lot of times actually build sell. One person and it's 1 1 and it goes to bill to sell 3 bill 3 sell 4 billing keeps expanding those 2 jobs and once you earn the rights because you're doing such a good job to hire this person to maintain revenue.
You have to earn that right. You don't just get that right.
And also, please ignore the PR. Firms like you don't need a PR person.
Thank you.
You don't need accountant. You don't need HR person. Those things do not matter for a long time.
Hey, Kevin.
Yeah. Super quickly. I just wanna let everyone know that we're at time if you need to jump, go ahead, but.
Yeah, Dan, if you're happy to stay and answer more questions, that would be amazing.
Yeah, I'm happy. I'll send you guys the deck because I the deck was actually very different.
There was a lot of other topics. I think we're still in the slide too. Okay.
Yeah, thank you so much. Just a very quick one for 2 person school founder because, what I'm hearing from you is that one person's co-founder because what I'm hearing from you is that one person should focus on sales and so it have you seen it that the person that is built in more like the CTO will also be in charge of product while the CEO focuses on
sales. And then, for those 2 persons who found out, what is your thoughts about, You know, some people will tell you you need to hire a marketing person.
You know, let's say your sales. Skills are decent but not maybe top tier. At what point do you need to hire a marketing person, getting a co-founder?
Which one will you recommend?
So the 1st part, maybe I saw her 2 questions, right? Make sure I understand correctly.
1st question was. You're saying that. Should you let the other, your cofounder will focus on product and you don't touch products, you do sales marketing.
So the 1st question.
Yeah, because because technically, there sometimes there is the leadership aspect that is the product and the, you know, the sales, but you know, if you are CEO most times, you know, the sales fall upon you because you know your front facing you also getting those 1st few customers and all.
So when we are talking of product, so to speak, should we leave it?
Yes, answer is yes. Yes, leave that person until you get customers. Once you get customers, you guys can decide.
A lot of times, that a lot of times you'll see, will have more product insight. But at beginning, leave it to the person.
Okay.
Let them folks on product. They may build the wrong stuff. That's okay. Once you get customers.
Then you can adjust and you can feedback and then you can things and change. That's the 1st question.
Second question, when do you decide if you want to hire marketing or co-founder or whatever else?
Yeah.
One is again, self-awareness. How good are you? If you think like, hey, I can learn this.
Then you should do it if you think. Honestly, I don't think I can to get a lead that fast because here's the thing.
I'm sure like I'm sure that I can learn like Python. And get really, really good at it in 6 years.
But I have 3 months. I don't think I could do in 3 months. So question is how quickly you get there in 3 months.
Or 6 months because remember you will run our money that's your living factor. So if you get there in 3 6 months, you get really freaking good if you but if you focus then you should do it.
If you don't think you can get really good, then you need a co-founder.
When I say really good at this point, I'll say probably like Hey, One thing I've discovered over the years is that If you get obsessed about a topic, least me, if I get obsessed about a topic.
Okay.
I can get to like a 90 if 95th percentile within like 2 3 months. People have done it for 2030 years because you got to remember
Most people look at a job as just a job. So just cause they're VPN marketing at McDonald's or craft.
They're not actually that much better. They just been they've like got this job and slowly moved up.
But their goal is to clock in and clock out. A lot of people actually optimizing for work life balance.
Hmm.
As a founder, you're optimizing for skill improvements. And growth of your skills in a company.
They're not. Their goal is to how to make as much money as possible while working as little as possible.
Yeah.
So if you offer, 50 KA year to work 40h or 2 50 K to work 10h.
Everyone will almost almost, won't take 10h, right? So they're optimized for different things.
So basically I kind of do a 3 step process of learning incredibly fast. Like I can pick any topic and get.
Really elite, quickly. And my stop process is really 3, 3 parts, like Facebook ads, never done Facebook as my life.
Step one, allocate 2 $300. No when this is going to go down to trash.
You're gonna get nothing out of this but learning. And then just run ads, press on every freaking button and take obsessive notes.
Like I used to have tens of pages notes of like, what is this button? Why does this button there?
What does this look like? What is the image? So obsessive it. Second thing is consume enormous amount of content.
On that topic, YouTube, podcast, whatever it is. 3rd one is Once you have notes from both those areas, reach out to people.
One or 2 years ahead of you. And just get on a call with them and have them answer your questions for you.
When I say that is Don't say, hey, teach me marketing. Show me Facebook.
Don't say that. Say, hey, I try running an ad that looks like this. But it didn't work, but then this had worked.
I'm thinking it's this. What do you think? You'd be in how many people were incredibly successful be able to answer your question.
Like I've gotten in touch with like. Mark Cuban, cause I asked questions like that, like just literally called email them.
But I'm specific my requests. The request that I hate and people hate is Hey, I really love what you're doing new since.
Can I talk to you about marketing on Facebook? I'm not even gonna answer that email. Like you can YouTube how to use Facebook ads.
Yeah.
Like this is not a new topic. But if you're specific in your question, like I think.
And Tony, you guess your question is very specific. One example is Antonio sent me a question.
I think it was you, right? I'm telling you.
Yeah, yeah.
It was very specific about API contracts, Sandra's not stranded, like that is not Google.
Okay.
And that's like I wanted to answer and I gave some answers probably still not good enough. I will probably go deeper.
But I think it was. May be valuable. I'm not sure. Only $123 a dollar.
Yeah.
Happy answer, but have people ask me questions like What API contracts? How do you do them?
I just ignore those people because it's they didn't Google the answer.
Okay.
Yeah, just to clarify, bit to win hiring a marketing person, let's say you need to hire a marketing person.
What do you think between getting a top co-founder and I agree a marketing person given the nature of Go find that contracts and everything and you know the marketing person you are hiring you're not even very sure they are going to perform so if they are an employee and they don't perform they don't hit their GPS you can easily let them go.
As against if they are a co-founder. If they come in. So what do you think?
Okay.
Like if you need a market, would you hire or would you get the.co founder?
Oh, I mean, I heard several things in there letting people go. Marketing versus co-founder.
So start letting people go. I teach a class in Northwestern MBA about Firing. Because as a startup, you will need to learn how to fire.
Really, really quickly. The biggest mistake we've made and I teach everyone my company as well. To this day, they all make the same mistake.
Where they let people stay who are not good enough too long. When you work at Kraft Hinds and you have 10,000 employees.
And you hired a 10,001st employee. And they're not that good. That's literally one out of 10,000 percentage, what any percent that is what is a point 0 0 1.
And if they suck, it doesn't impact that much. When you hired a 3rd person and they're not good, that's 33% of your town pool.
It's insane. These the 1st 30 people need to be freaking incredible. Like, we have fired people who are good, not a, good.
And the reason was they were just good. So they go that standard. So when I hire a marketing person, for example, so.
I told you guys like I get really good at this stuff really quick. I get the 9 percentile and then when I interview some Facebook ads for example But to run Facebook for me.
I make sure this person is at least 3 times better than me.
Because if I spent 2 months on this And I'm better than you. Good, how can I take this person seriously?
Like it's insane. They need to be at least 3 times better than me.
And that's a standard you should use that because by the way also if you don't ever run Facebook ads an example How do you know if somebody's bullshit in your now?
How do you know they're good? You literally can't tell. Like you have no idea what they can tell you anything about.
Oh, that sounds great. If you ask him like, What are you gonna ask him about? Are you go to Facebook ads?
I doubt the canon is gonna say, nope. Everyone's gonna say, yes, of course, I'm amazing.
But if you now know how this works and you ask more questions because you're ready like a ninety- percentile 95.th
You're looking for the 99, th right? You're trying to find someone better than you.
It's, it's, understand of the better than you. Right. Does that answer your question?
I don't know if there's the 3.rd
No. Yeah, it does. I think the only part is, should you get the cofounder.
Dot co founder slash just hi.
How you can you can fire a co-founder too, right? There is a 4 year v on everyone's contract.
Okay. Okay.
Co-founders get all the time. It's really, I mean, that's a game you're actually playing a little bit more.
Yeah.
Of are you optimizing for salary or equity? What is a cofounder really? Co-founder is really someone who's willing to work even more hours.
For even less pay for higher upside. Person employee. Kind of wants some money to live. Right?
Like. We have plenty employees we hire who we pay more than Facebook now and more in at Meta.
More meta in Amazon because like And they're still amazing, by the way. They're not their faculty. They're there for the salary, right?
They're still amazing. But the early in people, it's really just you're traded off like money for for cash or I'm sorry money for equity that's what you're really doing so it's whatever is required to get the best person possible
Thank you very much.
Yep, looks like snowy. You got a question?
Yeah, 1st of all, I really thank you for sharing your insight. I'm very impressed.
And I want to learn more about the revenue part, keeping the revenue part. So you mentioned that so we are post-product post revenue.
So I'm, I'm trying to be on the sales part while my co-founder VM is on the product part.
What is the main role of the person who keeps the revenue and also is it is it good for us to have some co-founder for dedicated to it.
So we have 2 more engineers in my team. So we are 4. So I'd like to learn more about it.
So your question was there when do you add the revenue maintainer maintenance person is that you're saying?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't know nothing about that.
Sure. I mean, this is in every company it's different, right? In our company, it was a dietician.
And a different company, customer support. Different company might be customer success. Right, another company's operation.
So it's really question what like that. What is the What is causing The question is what is causing a leaky bucket for you?
Meaning One customers are turning, what's the reason they're turning? They're turning because they're not getting product on time, but it's someone who works in logistics.
If they're turning because they're not getting answer questions questions asked answered. Customer support. If they're not, if they turn because the onboarding sucks, customer success.
So the question to you is, Why are customers turning?
Once you, turn that's when you hire that person. That's the person higher.
Got it, got it. So as a, so you mentioned that I need, we need to focus on one thing.
So as a, CEO, I'm trying to focus on the marketing and marketing sales.
Yes.
So is it better for, do you recommend me to hire someone for this, a customer success instead of handling that kind of conversation with the company?
Customer by myself.
So you will have, so you have 3 engineers, you're doing marketing sales, right?
That's right.
You're not doing any engineering product, right?
Actually I am doing, but I'm trying to avoid it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, stop, stop that number one. Number 2 is you should want to understand the pain points and the customer why they're turning.
You should understand that. So that understanding is on you. Because only that you will hire the right person.
You don't know the pain points, your logistics person, but you need a customer support person or you're gonna hire dietician.
You need a, you know, direct operation. So you need 1st understand that part. And then you hire that person, yes.
Got it, got it. Yeah.
Any question? All the questions like, do you have, do you have a retention problem? You may not have one.
We have we have I mean we have 15 of 10 to 15 turnate monthly turnate
I would dive a little deeper now because that's not always a problem. Right. What I mean by that is I mean, to be frank guys, we have a really high turn rate too.
Oh really for us like we look at everyone who looks at business are always different we look at So if we Does it really matter?
I mean, like, if I'm making $20 for every $1 I spend on product and marketing.
Like, I'm making $19, like, and I can keep going forever. Doesn't matter.
Like, so you should find what why like. And sometimes investors are a little tricky. It just keeps in retention, So that's true.
Somebody is not. Right. Think about prior to SAS businesses existing. There were hundreds and hundreds of businesses, and they were just selling you a product.
Or like, I mean, I don't know if you go to any stores. I love them, there's gum.
They're not getting a subscription for gum. They're selling you one piece of gum.
They're still making money. They're still making billions of dollars, but it's only one piece because they're making more money.
So the question really becomes, is it truly a retention problem? Like, what is your steel to be to cactus question number one? And do you need to be retention company or not?
And are you more like a Once I purchase or like intermittent purchase, so those questions you'd be asked first.st
Yeah, that's a great kiss and I need to find out. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks.
People used to retention already differently. Yeah, and I was gonna say it was like If you're doing a $10 Sometimes retention is the key.
When you're doing a $250 month consumer product. For us, retention is important and everyone's over retention, retention, but yet.
We're profitable every every sale. Pulse marketing, postcards, post operations. So the question becomes like, you sure?
Cause maybe at that point it's get as many human beings in the door so you get brand building.
So it's really, yeah, understanding like what pain point are you solving? It's very hard to solve many pain points.
And it always comes out to like, which one is most important pain point? And then you do that.
Right, right.
Right. And that pain point solved when you go to the next one. And then you go next one and yeah.
So questions, which one?
Huh, huh. So, put the You know, we are in the AI field and the things change quite rapidly and Of course, I understand that there are so many people.
So I need to focus on the growth, but there's still, I feel a little bit afraid about, losing customers.
They, I feel afraid about that they are not coming back later.
Do you have a lot of customers?
No, no, we have 50.
50. Okay.
Is it enterprise or consumer?
Okay. Okay.
Company so not the enterprise size but the startup yeah between. Yeah, but $100 per month.
It's not relatively slow. Yeah.
And they're all paying customers. Yeah. Got it. How many companies in the US you think are possibly able to buy your company like you buy your product?
Yeah, sorry that I don't have the numbers in my head, but probably more than 10,000.
Yeah.
Okay, back and nap. Not gonna happen. Like. 10,000.
More than 10,000. Yeah.
So would you say, what are you optimizing for next 3 months? Like what's your number one measure?
What's your North Star metric or your North Star company goal?
So within this year, this is before before we having starting out next funding, we want to have, 10 K MRR.
Which is around.
100 customers. Yeah.
So it's interesting. I heard you say. 10 KMRR, but you said before you started fundraising.
Is that what you said? Did you hear that correctly?
Yeah, sorry, sorry, sorry. Yeah, 50 K. 50 KMRR, but, we are thinking about the bridging, bridge, as, let, get rid of the bunch of the relevant information.
So, 5 500.
Yeah, older. Before you get in, I think the reason I'm asking you this question is It sounds like you're actually optimizing for fundraise.
Right? Sounds like that's actually the North Star metric. Your goal is to raise next round.
No, no, no, it's not about the Northometric. Sorry. I wasn't talking about Northometry.
Our, the next milestone. So our next Master goal is 100 pain customers and then probably next step will be having the series 8 to boost the growth.
Yes.
And then to to the for the next boosting the growth we need some funding and then that is the goal that we want to achieve that 50 K.
Okay.
So let me flip that conversation. Do that fundraising. What do investors need to see?
Our growth the probably MRR growth
So to get to MRR growth, is it easier for you to get more customers or is it easier for you to fix your retention problem?
More customers, more customers.
So you can only pick one. Just focus on that for now.
Because you have limited resources, that's the problem. You have limited resources. When you have 50 people on your team, yeah, you have people more customers to be able to fix retention.
But right now, like, limited resource, you only do one problem at a time. Sometimes you're lucky, 2 problems at a time.
But once you know what The problem to solve to get the next milestone, which sounds like fundraise is what you want to do.
And that means to get there, it's easier to get more customers and fix the retention, right?
Yes, and it's and it hurts. I heard she spent all the time in his customers and they leave and it sucks.
And your investors also gonna be like, what are those customers leaving? Well, no. And it's gonna hurt even more when they say that.
But then you show me a month of a month chart, increasing revenue, and they're all going to shut up and say, okay, here's more money.
Of course you can have a good answer of. Well, the guys, if I have 5 million dollars.
I'll hire 4 engineers and they're gonna build XYZ and now retention will be perfect.
And immediately that conversation goes away. So. That's how you answer that question. But again, it's company specific.
New customer seems like.
Yeah, yeah, totally makes sense. I'll take that. Thank you very much for the advice.
Great advice.
And sorry for the many questions. I just. It's hard to give an answer without knowing more details.
That's why I need to ask more.
Antonio.
Okay, great. That's, that helps a lot.
You study selling door to door. At what point you decided I need VC money. I need to grow like what points.
And why.
Just again, I never sold door to door. I sold it on the internet. But just wanna be clear.
Yeah, okay. Figure I think.
I was just. Yeah, oh, oh, okay, okay. I'll say I'm saying I can't sell the door.
No, no.
I don't know how 1 point we got money.
We got like
Yeah, I would I would find you realize that these revenue is not enough. You guys were surviving.
We revenue getting directly from the customers. At what point you said, now we need to raise money. And why.
We always want to raise money. From day one. But It's sometimes very hard to convince people.
That they should give you money unless you're a previous founder who had exits. Or you have friends and family that trust and you wanna give you money.
I didn't, was not priest fonder my parents I'm an immigrant so didn't have friends family can just give me money And so for me, it was more like, I want to raise money, but I need to show them something.
And it's really about portraying. You know, beautiful story, a painting to these investors, giving money.
And a story is usually really only 3 pieces. It's team. It's traction. And it's fluff storytelling of the vision.
Vision, which is gonna change my 100 time, so I'm saying fluffy. But those 3 topics, those 3 pieces every time.
We didn't really have a vision or a good story because I didn't believe this idea was it gonna work.
That's remember we did rock paper scissors. So it's kind of hard to commit someone else's story or a vision.
I don't even know what the hell this is. Right, we have no customers, like my friends buy a hacking his way.
So that one's kinda hard. Our my team, our team, like my co-founder is really impressive background, but he was a CTO prior.
Have another startup. I came from corporate finance. Has no background, nothing to do with Mark like they're looking and they're like, what are you new marketing?
I was like, I don't know. Like I don't know anything, right? So.
Our team backgrounds are not impressive either. That's a bunch of you guys went to like Stanford or.
Some people into Harvard, like, you guys, a ways your time in that regard. So very impressive.
I want to like an average school. Right. So what didn't have the background of the team.
So the only option I had was the 3rd one is attraction. So you can ask yourself, which of those 3 do you have?
If you have the grand vision, you could sell to anyone. Shit, you don't need traction or good team.
Or if you have Mark Zuckerberg join your company tomorrow. Then you don't need traction, you don't need vision.
You have Mark Zuckerberg, cause you have amazing team, right? So it's really which of those 3 do you have?
And that will determine. How can you and when can you pitch investors? Yeah, I didn't have 2 of those.
I had, so I had to get traction to convince them.
So question.
But is it really? You're done. Is it realistic for a wearable? To doing that or granic growth.
Is it realistic to say that I will never need investors and I'll grow slowly. What's the risk?
It's just that the competitors will bite you or why can't I just keep growing as low slowly with a small team and .
That's actually increase the size of my team without having ever having investors.
You can. But I don't think you can. The answer is you can. There's risks to hundreds of risks for that, but you can.
I would probably not join tech stars for that because texts are all like grown fast, right? And venture capital fundraising, that's more of like a family business or like a small company business, which is cool, by the way.
Way less stressful lot of times then the crazy budget capital side of business but You can just probably different type of business.
Okay, thank you.
By the way, just give you an example. Just, you guys know Tinder?
So one of my buddies, he was the founder Tinder. Any cash?
Is during happy ring happy ring?
I think 1.4 billion and After he started a wearable company, also wear a company around stress actually if you look at they have like I think a and for I don't remember that name, but he raised, 80 million dollars pre-revenue.
In a 3rd of the meeting.
No.
Right, he said, I wanna build this thing for stress management. And someone wrote an 80 million dollar check after 30min meeting that day, why the money?
No term she, nothing. No vision. No traction, like I said. Founder.
Press the founder. So that's why you've asked which one are you? By the way, that company I think is going shit.
But Tinder was worth 40 billion dollars, right? So number one dating happen in the world.
Whether you like it, don't like it. It is what it is, but. So which, I mean, question back to you, Antonio, which one do you have?
I guess 1st question is you have rich friends connections.
I'll give you money.
Yeah, I'm, I'm like you, basically.
Okay, so maybe that you're not the extreme, which doesn't say then you're a different bucket.
So then the second bucket of 3 parts. Do you have traction? Do you have a famous team or impressive team?
Like super impressive. Or do you have a vision that you're going to solve to everyone?
I think we have any impressive team. And a vision.
Then that's probably good enough. You probably don't need traction raised money. Do you have impressive team and your vision?
It's good enough.
I'm a
Plus.
Okay, so I need to decide we need to decide how fast we want to grow basically and and it sounds like if we wanna because yeah otherwise the major risk not capital is that they're gonna
What I would say to you is what I've said to you if you said you have an amazing team in your vision vision, but I'm saying you with that those 2.
You can actually raise money without detraction. You could skip most of the steps. You could just raise money right now.
Hmm.
If you believe you have those 2. We didn't we didn't have those 2 I wasn't even sure the company's gonna work and our team was not impressive.
So for me it was like, Okay, I'm gonna get traction. But if you have those 2, you can skip the traction part for now and raise money.
I think then there's a lot that goes into how do you find impressive? I think it's a good team, but impressive is do we have successful exits on our on our background.
Do we have, you know, like, recognition. By name and I think we're missing those so I think there's definitely talent, but if, impressive means that we need to have like, millions of, of dollars in an in a successful exit.
That's not where we are.
Okay, yeah, I mean, so maybe I'm using the word. Little extreme. Everyone here is incredibly talented smart.
What I mean, same impressive as a like. If Jeff Bezos join your start tomorrow. What would happen if Mark Zuckerberg joining start tomorrow.
Sergey Brin during start tomorrow. I bet if I join you start tomorrow, so we'll give us 10 million dollar check.
Without any traction product. Right? Or vision. If you have enough people, if you have at least someone who's like, who's accomplished some things, second time founder, or it could be a failed startup by the way, does not be success startup.
Hmm.
But if they get enough recognition. Then you could skip the other 2 steps. I just think that most people don't join tech stars if they have that.
Because they could just they already have the connection they already have everything. Once in a while you get lucky and you know they are they just like somebody's gonna join tech stars.
I have seen it. On a rare occasion. There's 1 guy that was a celebrity joined and within like a weekend, a million revenue, we're doing almost nothing.
And I was like, okay, I don't know why you're giving away. For this.
So it does happen a really rare occasion. But it's rare. It's really rare.
Hey, Dan, thank you so much. Unfortunately, I'm going to be the one to shut down.
Yeah.
I have another call. Are you okay with me sharing your email with founders to follow up with personal questions?
Sure, sure, sure. You can share. I don't feel my duck. You can share the deck.
We're still You guys Diane to do it.
I don't hear that. Would you be able to send that over? Yeah. Yeah.
So.
Sounds good. I hope this is helpful, guys. If it's not, sorry.
Thank you, Dan.
Also, sorry if I funded a bunch of people. The goal of this is to vocal motion.
So you guys can make change and make the right change. And I'd rather you guys say screw this guy.
And actually make an impact on your company versus say like, oh, I'm neutral about this. This is very, this is okay.
RightYeah, thank you